What are you still doing here?
Hurry up and go to Tianlang Mountain to arrest people
Song Xuan, your mission is over
You don't have to worry about arresting people
Go home and wait for the reward
It's over.
But
There are still many things behind the scenes that are not clear.
surnamed Song
You're just a body thing playing with corpses
I really think of myself as the king of heaven
Any case
I am not the king of heaven
But my grandfather told me
No Vajra
You have to live with porcelain
OK
We'll see.
Second master walk slowly
Song Dan
Why don't we just stop thinking, right?
The case has passed, why offend the second master?
This military pass is not over yet
Go check it out
The birthdates of the missing women
Something big happened